.NET 5.0+ YARP features and .NET Core 3.1 build are documented (#1054)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/runtimes.md

YARP is taking advantage of ASP.NET Core 5.0 features and optimizations. This does mean that some features may not be available if you're running on ASP.NET Core 3.1.

## Difference in features supported on .NET Core 3.1 vs .NET 5.0 and higher

### Yarp.ReverseProxy package
The following features are supported on NET 5.0 and higher:
- EnableMultipleHttp2Connections - enables opening additional HTTP/2 connections to the same server when the maximum number of concurrent streams is reached on all existing connections. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpClient.EnableMultipleHttp2Connections`. Type: `bool?`
- RequestHeaderEncoding - allows to set a non-ASCII header encoding for outgoing requests. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpClient.RequestHeaderEncoding`. Type: `string?`
- VersionPolicy - policy applied to version selection, e.g. whether to prefer downgrades, upgrades or request an exact version. The default is `RequestVersionOrLower`. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpRequest.VersionPolicy`. Type: `HttpVersionPolicy?`

### Yarp.ReverseProxy.Telemetry.Consumption package

> On .NET Core 3.1 runtime supports only:
> - YARP events and metrics
> - Limited support of Kestrel events. Only the following event fields are reported: timestamp, connection ID and request ID.
> 
> On .NET 5 and higher supports:
> - .NET networking library events for HTTP, DNS, Security, Sockets
> - Full Kestrel events support. Reported event fields: timestamp, connection ID, request ID, request's HTTP version, path, method
> - Kestrel metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On .NET Core 3.1 it supports only:
- YARP events and metrics
- Kestrel events

On .NET 5 and higher it supports events and metrics for:
- YARP
- Kestrel
- HTTP (SocketsHttpHandler)
- NameResolution (DNS)
- NetSecurity (SslStream)
- Sockets
```

YARP is taking advantage of ASP.NET Core 5.0 features and optimizations. This does mean that some features may not be available if you're running on ASP.NET Core 3.1.

## Difference in features supported on .NET Core 3.1 vs .NET 5.0 and higher

### Yarp.ReverseProxy package
The following features are supported on NET 5.0 and higher:

> - EnableMultipleHttp2Connections - enables opening additional HTTP/2 connections to the same server when the maximum number of concurrent streams is reached on all existing connections. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpClient.EnableMultipleHttp2Connections`. Type: `bool?`

Reviewer 2: This is enabled by default, right?

Reviewer: Yes

> - EnableMultipleHttp2Connections - enables opening additional HTTP/2 connections to the same server when the maximum number of concurrent streams is reached on all existing connections. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpClient.EnableMultipleHttp2Connections`. Type: `bool?`

Reviewer 2: Add a link to the related doc for these features. That doc should also say that each of these require 5.0.

Author: Links added and the docs updated.

- RequestHeaderEncoding - allows to set a non-ASCII header encoding for outgoing requests. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpClient.RequestHeaderEncoding`. Type: `string?`
- VersionPolicy - policy applied to version selection, e.g. whether to prefer downgrades, upgrades or request an exact version. The default is `RequestVersionOrLower`. Full path: `ClusterConfig.HttpRequest.VersionPolicy`. Type: `HttpVersionPolicy?`

### Yarp.ReverseProxy.Telemetry.Consumption package
On .NET Core 3.1 it supports only:
- YARP events and metrics
- Kestrel events

On .NET 5 and higher it supports events and metrics for:
- YARP
- Kestrel
- HTTP (SocketsHttpHandler)
- NameResolution (DNS)
- NetSecurity (SslStream)
- Sockets

## Building for .NET Core 3.1

> YARP can be run on .Net Core 3.1 runtime, but .NET 5.0 SDK is required to build it for this runtime version because YARP code uses C# 9 language features. Thus, the steps YARP-based application are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
YARP can be run on the .Net Core 3.1 runtime, but the .NET 5.0 SDK is still required for this runtime version because YARP APIs use C# 9 language features. Thus, the steps to create a YARP-based application are as follows:
```

> 1. Install .NET 5.0 SDK

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the .NET 5.0 SDK: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0
```

2. Add the reference to the YARP package to the application project

> 3. Add the property `<LangVersion>9.0</LangVersion>` to the .csproj file

Reviewer 2: 4. Some scenarios require adding the following file to your project: https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy/blob/b5cbc1677c4990882177b5486d11ff194c67f6cd/src/ReverseProxy/Utilities/IsExternalInit.cs

Author: Added 4. item to the list.
